Pd 391 user feedback tutorial (#2014)
truenas/documentation: content/_includes/FeedbackWindow.md

---
---

{{< trueimage src="/images/SCALE/23.10/FeedbackWindow.png" alt="The Feedback Window" id="2: The Feedback Window" >}}

Use this window to submit a star rating and comments or suggestions for the current page.

{{< hint type=note >}}

> The feedback window is used for general user experience feedback. 

Reviewer: maybe this? 
```suggestion
The feedback window provides a way users can submit their general user-experience feedback. 
```

> Submit bug tickets through the **File Ticket** link that opens the **File Ticket** form, also accessed from the **System Settings > General** screen **File Ticket** button. See [Filing an Issue Ticket in SCALE]({{< relref "fileissuescale.md" >}}) for further instructions.

Reviewer: I stumbled upon another article in the Getting Started/GettingSupport/FileIssueSCALE.md article that we need to look at and maybe cross link either with a relref or update tags and taglists.
